EDU-18339 FastStore: Adding custom icons (#2666)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/faststore/docs/styling/managing-icons/adding-custom-icons.mdx

---
title: "Adding custom icons"

> excerpt: "Add new SVG icons to your FastStore project when the icon you need isn't part of the default FastStore set."

Author: ```suggestion
excerpt: "Add new SVG icons to your FastStore project when the icon you need isn't available in the default FastStore set."
```

If you want to replace an existing FastStore icon with a different design, see [Overriding native icons](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/managing-icons-overriding-native-icons).

## Before you begin

Make sure you have:

- A FastStore project set up and running locally. If you don't, refer to the [Setting up the development environment](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/getting-started-1-setting-up-your-environment) guide.
- The custom icon you want to add available as an SVG file.

## How the customization works

To add a custom icon, you ship your own `icons.svg` from your store's `/public` folder. During the build, FastStore copies it on top of the default file, so your version becomes the active icon source — make sure it includes both the default symbols and your new ones.

## Instructions

### Step 1 - Create the `/public` folder

If your project doesn't already have a `/public` folder at the root level, create one:

```
your-store/
├── src/
├── discovery.config.js
├── package.json

> └── public/         ← Create this folder

Reviewer: Não sei se você acha melhor usar ícones em diagramas de arquivos e pastas. Deixando a sugestão aqui.
```suggestion
📂 your-store
├── 📂 src
├── 📄 discovery.config.js
├── 📄 package.json
└── 📂 public         ← Create this folder
```

Author: Ótima ideia!

```

### Step 2 - Copy the base `icons.svg` file

To preserve every default icon, copy the existing file as your starting point:

1. Run `yarn dev` once to generate the `.faststore` folder in your project.
2. Copy the file from `.faststore/public/icons.svg`.
3. Paste it into your store's `/public` folder.

```
your-store/
├── src/
├── discovery.config.js
├── package.json
└── public/

>     └── icons.svg   ← Paste the base file here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
📂 your-store
├── 📂 src
├── 📄 discovery.config.js
├── 📄 package.json
└── 📂 public
    └── 📄 icons.svg   ← Paste the base file here
```
